The purpose of this project is to analyze US employment data to observe trends in computer and mathematical occupations based on location and job title 

    1. Which states have the fastest growing job market for computer and mathematical occupations?
	2. Does a larger state population translate to higher job growth? 
	3. Which specific occupations are the most and least in demand?
	4. How do computer and mathematical occupations stack up against other occupation types? 
	5. Which specific occupations had the highest number of employees in 2017? 
	6. Which state had the most people working in computer and mathematical related occupations in 2017?
    
We looked at several data sources to explore our topic.  We began with the US Census API for Quarterly Workforce Indicators (QWI) (Time Series: 1990 - present)[https://www.census.gov/data/developers/data-sets/qwi.html#industry].  We ran into a few issues with this API.  Several request we made returned very scant results, depending on the data available.  We found no clear way of efficiently finding which years, states, industries had the most complete data.  More importantly, the US Census required codes for everything from gender, to state, to industry.  Considering our time limitation, this process was too cumbersome and we decided to explore other sources.  We researched several APIs including LinkedIn, Indeed, GoogleCloud, and CareerBuilder, as well as published government reports.  

Finally, we settled on a series of 2013-2017 reports from BLS which showed wages and employment by state and occupation [https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2010s-state-total.html].  There were about 760 detailed occupations listed and it covered all US States and territories.  The reports were separated by year, and each report had approximately 37,000 rows of data.  We imported these reports into our Jupyter Notebook and read them as Excel files.  Afterwards we converted it to dataframes and merged the data.   We also slimmed down our dataframe to show math and computer occupations only (about 15 sub categories).  We performed different operations on columns such as calculating the percent change per year.  We used several groupby functions to search for trends by specific occupation and by state.  Thankfully, our data was relatively clean and did not require extensive clean up.  We did, however, note that some occupation titles had slight variations from year to year so we used occupation codes in searches and aggregations. In addition, because the BLS data only showed population comparison in relation to the number of jobs in the state, we also used US Census data in order to compare job numbers to total state populations.   